docs(bodiless-documentation): Tailwind/Custom Css guide for Site builder (#471)
johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS: packages/bodiless-documentation/doc/Development/Guides/BuildingSites/TailwindGuide.md

# Using Tailwind system with Bodiless

As discussed in other sections, BodilessJS is preconfigured to use
[TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com) which is utility-first CSS framework.
While this is not strictly required, we highly recommend it to get the most out
of the Bodiless Design System. If you are unfamiliar with Tailwind, you can
learn more from:

- [Tailwind on Github](https://github.com/tailwindcss/tailwindcss)
- [Tailwind Docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/what-is-tailwind)

Most of the site's styling can be defined with Tailwind and for the most part,
BodilessJS will defer to Tailwind documentation. The following documentation

> either are specific Bodiless applications of Tailwind or important enough to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is either specific to Bodiless applications of Tailwind or important enough to
```

rerun the build process. This is done in either `npm run start` or
`npm run build` and will generate css that is automatically included for the
site.

!> **Important** for tailwind config changes to be updated, you must restart or
build to see the changes.

## Responsiveness with Tailwind

> Tailwind classes controls most of the responsiveness behavior of the site and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tailwind classes control most of the responsiveness behavior of the site and
```

classes can be prefixed with responsive size.

### Breakpoints

> For more information, about setting the [responsive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [responsive
```

breakpoints](./Responsiveness#Breakpoints).

## Setting maximum container width of a site

> If a site has maximum container width of a site should be, they can be set with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a site has a maximum container width, they can be set with
```

[max-width
breakpoints](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/breakpoints/#max-width-breakpoints)
and limit the size of the containers at different breakpoints. This is done via
the same method as [responsive breakpoints](./Responsiveness#Breakpoints).

### Using Responsive Classes

Every utility class in Tailwind can be applied conditionally at different
breakpoints. For more information, read about
[Tailwind Mobile first](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/responsive-design#mobile-first)
which contains excellent documentation about responsive classes and how to use
them.

## Using Custom CSS

There are cases that TailwindCSS doesn't support or it may be easier to not
rely on Tailwind. This can be achieved by including the css file and referencing
those classes instead of the tailwind classes.  

The custom css files can be included imported either in gatsby-browser.js file,
within the pages, or within the component that is using them.

?> **Recommendation** is to keep the css file as close to possible to the
component or page it is needed for.

For example:

> * If its css used exclusively for the homepage, place it `/src/pages` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* css used exclusively for the homepage should be placed in `/src/pages` and
```

>   include it in the `index.tsx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  included it in the `index.tsx`.
```

> * If its css used for a component, place it components folder and include it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* css used for a component should be placed in components folder and included
```

  with the component.

> By doing the above, this custom css will only be loaded for pages or pages that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By doing the above, this custom css will only be loaded for pages that
```

use the component and help with performance. While BodilessJS runs with
[gatsby purge css feature](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-purgecss)
tool this is only processing on tailwind css and not on any custom css included.

> ?> **Tip** As a site developer its always good practice to remove css that isn't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?> **Tip** As a site developer it is always good practice to remove css that isn't
```
